Use nvCOMP for Snappy compression/decompression (#9582)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/basics/io-nvcomp-integration.rst

nvCOMP Integration
=============================

Some types of compression/decompression can be performed using either `nvCOMP library <https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvcomp>`_ or the internal implementation. 

Which implementation is used by default depends on the data format and the compression type. Behavior can be influenced through environment variable ``LIBCUDF_NVCOMP_POLICY``.

There are three special values for the environment variable:

> - "STABLE": only the nvCOMP usage that has been thoroughly tested in enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "STABLE": only enable the nvCOMP readers that have been deemed stable for production use. 
```

> - "EXPERIMENTAL": All available uses of nvCOMP are enabled, regardless of the level of prior testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "EXPERIMENTAL": All available uses of nvCOMP are enabled, including new, experimental combinations.
```
